README.md, before:

# Backend module

This module is used for yahoo stock data collection.

### Features

- Collect realtime and historical records for 10 different stocks
- Store using MySQL for further development

### Installation

To deploy the data collector, first install Node.JS and MySQL.
Whatever username/password/database is using, make sure to save and modify the following content to configuration.json.
```json
{
	"pool": {
				"host": "localhost", 
				"user": "stockuser", 
				"password": "stockpasscode", 
				"database": "finalproject", 
				"connectionLimit": 64 
			},
	"updateInterval": 3600
}
```
The mysql connection configuration is stored in pool, and updateInterval is the interval (in second) for collection.

After building the database, create a table using the following statements:
```sql
create table if not exists stocks(
	s_timestamp datetime, 
	symbol varchar(10), 
	high float, 
	low float, 
	open float, 
	close float, 
	volume float, 
	primary key (s_timestamp, symbol)
);
```
Now we can use the data collector by executing the following command:
```bash
node ./index.js
```
It will keep running and updating information.

Commit message:

modified sql table structure
add "type" column to store whether current stock info is from historical/realtime collection

README.md, after:

# Backend module

This module is used for yahoo stock data collection.

### Features

- Collect realtime and historical records for 10 different stocks
- Store using MySQL for further development

### Installation

To deploy the data collector, first install Node.JS and MySQL.
Whatever username/password/database is using, make sure to save and modify the following content to configuration.json.
```json
{
	"pool": {
				"host": "localhost", 
				"user": "stockuser", 
				"password": "stockpasscode", 
				"database": "finalproject", 
				"connectionLimit": 64 
			},
	"updateInterval": 3600
}
```
The mysql connection configuration is stored in pool, and updateInterval is the interval (in second) for collection.

After building the database, create a table using the following statements:
```sql
create table if not exists stocks(
	s_timestamp datetime, 
	symbol varchar(10), 
	high float, 
	low float, 
	open float, 
	close float, 
	volume float, 
	type int,
	primary key (s_timestamp, symbol)
);
```
Historical data is marked as type 0, realtime data is marked as type 1.

Now we can use the data collector by executing the following command:
```bash
node ./index.js
```
It will keep running and updating information.
